
╔══╗─╔╗─╔══╗──────╔═╦╦╗╔═╗
║╔═╬═╣╚╗║╔╗╠═╦═╦╦═╣═╬╣╚╣═╣
║╚╗║╩╣╔╣║╔╗║╩╣║║║╩╣╔╣║╔╬═║
╚══╩═╩═╝╚══╩═╩╩═╩═╩╝╚╩═╩═╝       
Coded By: Shilly Joestar

                       
1. Build a Quiz App with Java on Android Studio Beginner Course
https://www.udemy.com/course/build-a-quiz-app-with-java-on-android-studio-beginner-course/?couponCode=690E0DABF250E3610009

2. Developing Emotional Strength & Stability with Spirituality
https://www.udemy.com/course/developing-fail-proof-emotional-strength-stability/?couponCode=69BF422144D34DC19E14

3. [Accredited] CBT for Fear of Abandonment
https://www.udemy.com/course/cbt-for-fear-of-abandonment-people-leaving-you/?couponCode=E5E9CBF775D9981DB568

4. CBT Plan to Quit Smoking Addiction
https://www.udemy.com/course/cbt-plan-to-quit-smoking-addiction/?couponCode=0F73AFFA6DB3C920B5EE

5. Professional Diploma in Project Management
https://www.udemy.com/course/project-managers/?couponCode=8023D0FFE0EA71410E3D

6. Curso de Manualidades y Bolitas Navideñas
https://www.udemy.com/course/curso-de-manualidades-y-bolitas-navidenas/?couponCode=BOL-GR20

7. Cómo Crear una Página Web con WordPress y ChatGPT Desde Cero
https://www.udemy.com/course/como-crear-una-pagina-web-con-wordpress-y-chatgpt-desde-cero/?couponCode=WEB-CH25

8. Cómo Crear una Página Web con WordPress y Elementor PRO 2023
https://www.udemy.com/course/como-crear-una-pagina-web-con-wordpress-y-elementor-pro/?couponCode=ELE-GR18

9. Cómo Crear Una Tienda Online Desde Cero Para Principiantes
https://www.udemy.com/course/como-crear-una-tienda-online-desde-cero-para-principiantes/?couponCode=HOSNU-GR27

10. Professional Diploma in Digital Products Management
https://www.udemy.com/course/digital-product-owner/?couponCode=AB3DFF56862627894204

11. Digitale Produkte erfolgreich verkaufen mit Digistore 24
https://www.udemy.com/course/digistore24/?couponCode=3F12A20285FDEEF27BBB

12. Komplett NFT-Kurs: Werden Sie ein NFT-Ersteller und-Investor
https://www.udemy.com/course/vollstan-nft-kurs-werden-sie-ein-nft-ersteller-und-investor/?couponCode=SNUG55UP

13. React.JS Crash Course: The Complete Course for Beginners
https://www.udemy.com/course/reactjs-the-complete-course-for-beginners/?couponCode=AUTUMN51SALE

14. Python pour la Data Science et le Machine Learning: A à Z
https://www.udemy.com/course/python-pour-la-data-science-et-le-machine-learning-a-z/?couponCode=AUTUMN37AROMA

15. Complete Italian for Beginners: Speak Italian like a Pro
https://www.udemy.com/course/learn-easy-italian/?couponCode=GATHER63ROUND

16. Build a Quiz App with Java on Android Studio Beginner Course
https://www.udemy.com/course/build-a-quiz-app-with-java-on-android-studio-beginner-course/?couponCode=690E0DABF250E3610009

17. Developing Emotional Strength & Stability with Spirituality
https://www.udemy.com/course/developing-fail-proof-emotional-strength-stability/?couponCode=69BF422144D34DC19E14

18. [Accredited] CBT for Fear of Abandonment
https://www.udemy.com/course/cbt-for-fear-of-abandonment-people-leaving-you/?couponCode=E5E9CBF775D9981DB568

19. CBT Plan to Quit Smoking Addiction
https://www.udemy.com/course/cbt-plan-to-quit-smoking-addiction/?couponCode=0F73AFFA6DB3C920B5EE

20. Professional Diploma in Project Management
https://www.udemy.com/course/project-managers/?couponCode=8023D0FFE0EA71410E3D

21. Professional Diploma in Digital Products Management
https://www.udemy.com/course/digital-product-owner/?couponCode=AB3DFF56862627894204

22. React.JS Crash Course: The Complete Course for Beginners
https://www.udemy.com/course/reactjs-the-complete-course-for-beginners/?couponCode=AUTUMN51SALE

23. Complete Italian for Beginners: Speak Italian like a Pro
https://www.udemy.com/course/learn-easy-italian/?couponCode=GATHER63ROUND

24. Python for Data Science & Machine Learning: Zero to Hero
https://www.udemy.com/course/python-for-data-science-machine-learning-zero-to-hero/?couponCode=HOLIDAY39CHEER

25. JavaScript for Beginners: The Complete Course for Beginners
https://www.udemy.com/course/javascript-course-for-beginners-the-complete-javascript-for-beginners/?couponCode=THANKFUL56DAY

26. Project Finance Fundamentals | Infrastructure & Energy
https://www.udemy.com/course/project-finance-fundamentals/?couponCode=COZY68HOMES

27. HTML5 & CSS3 Complete Course: Build Websites like a Pro
https://www.udemy.com/course/html5-css-fundamentals/?couponCode=COZY59COMFORT
